Introduced: Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain (1996)

Moebius is one of the most ancient members of the Circle of Nine, the oligarchy of sorcerers sworn to serve and protect the Pillars of Nosgoth. Also known as the Time Streamer, Moebius has served for millennia as Guardian of the Pillar of Time, a role which grants him the power to bend time and manipulate history - one which he constantly abuses to further his own devious designs.

An intensely conniving trickster, Moebius played a pivotal role in Kain's journey as a fledgling vampire, initially masquerading as a frail and harmless old soothsayer known as the Oracle. In this guise, he choreographed Kain's every step, leading him to discover one of Moebius's time-streaming devices, and ultimately embroiling him in a fateful battle between Ottmar's Army of Hope and the advancing Legions of the Nemesis, from the north.

Cornered in this losing battle, Kain used his only means of escape - the time-streaming device that he had so conveniently discovered - and found himself hurled nearly 50 years back in history. Hoping to alter the course of Nosgoth's future, Kain seized the opportunity to assassinate the young King William the Just, who was destined to become the vicious tyrant known as the Nemesis.

His task accomplished, Kain returned to present-day Nosgoth - and realized too late that he had been Moebius's pawn all along. For his murder of the beloved young king had triggered a genocidal crusade against the vampires of Nosgoth, rallied by Moebius himself.

Kain took his revenge on the Time Guardian - beheading him as fitting retribution for the countless vampires he had guillotined - but the damage had already been done. Moebius's brutal crusade had wiped out the vampire races, leaving Kain not only the last surviving vampire in Nosgoth, but the unwitting catalyst of his own species' extinction.

When Raziel plunged back in time through the Chronoplast portal in his pursuit of Kain, he discovered Moebius waiting to meet him on the other side. Raziel was all too aware of Moebius's deceitful reputation, but realized that they shared a common enemy in Kain, and that he may have to consider a careful alliance with the devious Time Streamer.

Raziel, then, was initially won over - though he remained guarded with Moebius. His single-minded goal remained the pursuit, confrontation and destruction of his betrayer, Kain - if Moebius could help him get there, so much the better.

Ultimately, it became clear that Moebius was neither mentor nor ally, but a servant of the Elder God. Having sworn allegiance to the ancient one, he revealed himself as a true antagonist to Raziel and Kain alike - one of many.