Introduced: Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver (1999)

Once the greatest of Kain's vampire lieutenants, Raziel is now only a ruined vision of his former glory. Armed with the Wraith Blade of the Soul Reaver, he strives to unravel the truth behind his enigmatic fate, a destiny apparently foretold in the earliest centuries of Nosgoth's history.

As first-born of Kain's brood, Raziel had achieved a highly evolved vampire state, and served as Kain's right hand. Rather than evolving slowly over time, vampires experience periods of accelerated metamorphosis, entering dormant states from which they emerge transformed.

After a millennium of service, Raziel committed the ultimate blasphemy, having emerged from his last quiescent state more evolved than any other vampire - including Kain himself. He, alone, out of all Nosgoth's vampires, developed a pair of graceful, bat-like wings.

For this unforgivable transgression, Raziel was condemned. In an apparent act of egotistical sadism, Kain tore Raziel's newly-fledged wings from his back, and ordered Raziel's fellow lieutenants to hurl him into the Lake of the Dead, where he would burn forever in the roiling Abyss.

Tumbling endlessly into the murky depths, Raziel's flesh dissolved as he burned with white-hot fire. An eternity passed before he finally settled to the bottom - now a husk of his former self, much of his flesh burned away with his fledgling wings in tatters. As the pain receded, Raziel realized that he had not only survived the descent, but had been delivered to the very seat of the Underworld.

The mysterious God of the Underworld revived Raziel, and, in resurrecting him, transformed him into a reaper of souls, a dark angel of death and retribution. The Elder God then sent Raziel forth, into the ruined wasteland of Nosgoth - galvanized by a hunger for revenge, and a thirst not for the blood of humans, but for the vampires' apostate souls.

Kain, ever the cunning strategist, led Raziel to kill his former vampire brethren one by one. And, when, in a fateful confrontation at the Pillars, Kain raised the ancient Soul Reaver blade against Raziel, the sword shattered, and its wraith form bound itself to Raziel.

Following a climactic battle in Moebius's long-abandoned Chronoplast chamber, Kain activated the time-traveling device, and hurled himself deep into Nosgoth's past, goading Raziel to pursue him. Raziel followed, not knowing where - or when - the chase would lead.

Swept back into Nosgoth's early history, Raziel began to unearth the secrets of his past - how his coming was foretold by an ancient race, Nosgoth's original Vampires, who forged the Reaver for their champion, as the weapon of their salvation. How he himself slaughtered the Sarafan lieutenants, and was his own murderer, and how he thus became the catalyst not only of Kain's future empire, but of his own dark destiny.

And finally, how he was fated to become the ravenous spirit imprisoned in the Soul Reaver blade - that this was, and always had been, the hellish cycle of his destiny. The Wraith Blade, he finally understood, was his own soul, twinned and bound eternally to him.

His motives still a mystery, Kain sought to change history by preventing the blade from consuming Raziel's soul. But Raziel, nearly obliterated, realized that he could never escape this terrible destiny - Kain had merely postponed it.

Raziel seeks only to escape the bonds of his one-time benefactor, now turned adversary - the mysterious Elder God who resurrected him - and to somehow avert the terrible destiny appointed for him when the Reaver was forged.