Turel, the Blood God of Avernus Cathedral, has been worshiped for years by the Cenobites that walk beneath its dark halls. Originally, Turel was a vampire lieutenant in Kain's army during the long centuries after the fall of the Pillars. Like all the vampire lieutenants, as the centuries passed, Turel began to mutate and shift from his human form. Turel and his brood, the Turelim, became bat-like in appearance, bearing large ears with incredible powers of hearing at the price of faltering vision. Turel was summoned back in time by the Planer, Azimuth, and used by the Hylden to command the Cenobites of Avernus in order to further their final cause of toppling the Pillars.

Claw Swipe: Although mostly blind, he can still hear. If one gets too close to him, he will be able to hear their footsteps and instantly slash out with his feral claws.

Blind Charge: When Turel becomes enraged, he can also attempt to smash into the victim by charging forward. While this attack is very quick, it is not very accurate, since he is resorting to his hearing to pinpoint one's location. He telegraphs this move by roaring before he charges.

Homing Projectile: This blue projectile has no special properties, but it will slowly track his opponent, and several can home in on his prey at once.

TK Force: An innate master of telekinesis, Turel can send out waves of force. These arcing waves jet outward from his opened jaws. The waves themselves are relatively low to the ground, and can be jumped over.

TK Acquire / Echolocate: He will send out a powerful wave of sound in a wide arc (Echolocate). These sounds bounce off any moving objects and create distortions that the blind monster can then pick up. Once something moving is pinpointed, it will begin to glow with bright colors, and Turel can then use his TK Acquire to hurl one across the room.

Berserker Rage: Towards the end of the combat, he will become critically wounded. Realizing his coming defeat, the enraged beast flies into a rage, thrashing around the arena. At this point he will not use his Echolocation or Force Wave. His loud constant screaming will cause all of the gongs within the arena to constantly vibrate. This is the ultimate chance to finish the tormented vampire.