Introduced: Soul Reaver 2 (2001)

Little is widely known of the infamous Janos Audron, beyond the folklore and legends surrounding his name. Reputed to have been the most ancient and powerful Vampire to have ever existed, the elusive Janos was the hated enemy of the Sarafan warrior-priests, and inevitably became the prime target of their genocidal purge.

According to legend, Janos preyed relentlessly on the helpless villagers of Uschtenheim, until the Sarafan hunted him down and killed him, ripping his still-beating heart from his body. This relic became known as the Heart of Darkness, and was rumored to possess the power to resurrect vampires.

In his travels through time, Raziel visited Janos before he was murdered, determinedly forging a path to the pinnacle of his mountain aerie. There, he discovered that Janos was not as described by legend - he was impossibly ancient, but intelligent and noble, not monstrous.

The last of Nosgoth's original Vampires, Janos, it transpired, was also the Tenth Guardian sworn to serve after the nine Pillars, chosen to keep and guard the Reaver - the Vampire-forged weapon prophesied to be wielded by a champion against the Hylden race - until the champion, Raziel, arrived to claim it. Janos waited for millennia, and watched as the Pillars passed into human hands.

Janos became a kind of mentor to Raziel, and a bond was formed, such that the horror he would soon witness struck all the greater. He arrived just in time to witness the torture of Janos at the hands of the Sarafan, who had followed the trail Raziel blazed to infiltrate his domain. These righteous crusaders cruelly murdered Janos before Raziel's eyes.

When their leader turned, Raziel realized something worse - that these murderers were none other than himself and his brother lieutenants, as Sarafan. That his own former self - their commander - held Janos's heart in his hands. The triumphant Sarafan fled with Janos's heart as a trophy.

Eventually, in search of enlightenment, Raziel would recover the Heart of Darkness, and renounced his past by restoring Janos to life. In so doing, he disregarded Kain's dire warnings that Janos's resurrection would play into the hands of their mutual enemies, and jeopardize the fate of Nosgoth...