Introduced: Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain (1996)

Cunning and relentless, the vampire Kain battles the oppressive agents of Fate who seek to destroy him. For centuries, he has ruthlessly pursued a singular ambition - to take his rightful place as Balance Guardian, thus returning the Land of Nosgoth to vampire rule.

And Raziel, he believes, is the key to fulfilling this goal. Armed with the legendary Reaver blade - the weapon fated to become Raziel's eternal prison - Kain seeks to reclaim their true destinies from the wreckage of history.

In the centuries before Kain's birth, the land was protected by an oligarchy of sorcerers, known as the Circle of Nine - immortal Guardians sworn to serve and protect the life-giving Pillars of Nosgoth.

But the Circle was infiltrated by a dark enemy, and Ariel - the Balance Guardian - was cruelly murdered. Her assassination sent psychic shockwaves throughout the Circle, and, in their derangement, the remaining sorcerers turned their powers to nefarious purposes. They poisoned the land with their sorcery, and abandoned the Pillars to stand like silent, decaying sentries.

Into this dying world Kain was born. The son of an aristocratic Nosgoth family, he lived the privileged life of a nobleman, never realizing his undiscovered destiny - that he had been marked from birth as Ariel's successor, fated to take her place as the Guardian of Balance.

Ignorant of his birthright, the ambitious but directionless Kain roamed the land. During one fateful journey, he was ambushed by brigands and murdered, cruelly impaled on his assassin's sword. Plucked from the brink of oblivion by the Necromancer Mortanius, Kain awakened in the Underworld, still transfixed by his enemy's blade.

Tormented by his hunger for vengeance, and heedless of the spiritual cost, Kain recklessly accepted the Necromancer's offer of revenge - and rose from his tomb to discover that he had been resurrected as a vampire.

Kain wreaked his unholy retribution, but unwittingly triggered a chain of events that led to the annihilation of Nosgoth's vampire race. As the last surviving vampire, Kain eventually discovered that he was destined to replace Ariel as Balance Guardian. But, in order to restore the Pillars, and thus return their guardianship to Nosgoth's humans, he was obliged to sacrifice his own life. Kain rejected this choice - opting to rule Nosgoth in its damnation rather than commit himself to oblivion - and sired a new breed of vampires.

In the ensuing aeons, Kain discovered the long-abandoned Chronoplast chamber - a time-streaming device constructed by the treacherous sorcerer, Moebius - and used it to explore the history of Nosgoth, garnering knowledge of past and future. He concluded that the only path toward achieving his ultimate ambition - returning control of the Pillars to the vampires - lay in orchestrating a third option out of the dilemma prescribed for him.

When Raziel, first among Kain's lieutenants, revealed his latest evolution - a pair of bat-like wings - Kain responded with an act of seemingly egotistical sadism. Tearing Raziel's newly fledged wings from his back, he ordered his first-born son to be cast into the Lake of the Dead, where he would burn forever in the roiling Abyss.

Though still uncertain how events would play out, Kain had deduced that Raziel's temporary destruction would ultimately enable him to reclaim his own destiny as the Scion of Balance. Realizing the potential of whisking Raziel into Nosgoth's past, he hoped to use Raziel to change history, and set things right - by his definition of right, of course.

Now, crossing the world and the very currents of time with Raziel, Kain strives to thwart the fate laid out for him by his enemies by changing history, but realizes he can never restore Nosgoth to its former innocence.